= simple-piwik

* http://github.com/mihael/simple-piwik/tree/master

== DESCRIPTION:

A client for the Piwik API. 

== FEATURES NO PROBLEMS:

== SYNOPSIS:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'piwik'
  site = Piwik::Site.load(1, 'http://your.piwi.install', 'some_auth_key')
  => #<Piwik::Site:0xb74bf994 @name="Example.com", @config={:auth_token=>"some_auth_key", :piwik_url=>"http://your.piwi.install"}, @id=1, @main_url="http://www.example.com", @created_at=Tue Jul 15 18:55:40 -0300 2008>
  site.pageviews(:month, Date.today)
  => 88
  
  user = Piwik::User.load(1, 'http://your.piwi.install', 'some_auth_key')
  => #<Piwik::User:0xb66bf544 @login="Example.com", @config={:auth_token=>"some_auth_key", :piwik_url=>"http://your.piwi.install"}, @id=1, @main_url="http://www.example.com", @created_at=Tue Jul 15 18:55:40 -0300 2008>


Piwik website (http://piwik.org) 
Piwik API reference (http://dev.piwik.org/trac/wiki/API/Reference)

== REQUIREMENTS:

RubyGems and (auto installed if necessary):

  active_support
  xml-simple
  rest-client

== INSTALL:

  sudo gem install simple-piwik --source=http://gemcutter.org

== CHANGELOG:
 * 0.5.0
   Renamed to simple-piwik.
 * 0.4.2
   Final fix for inconsistent API outputs caused by Rails using its own version of XmlSimple.
 * 0.4.1
   Quick fixed api result parsing in site creation. The API's responses are inconsistent, but I am not sure why.
 * 0.4.0
   Added Piwik::Trackable controller mixing, pretty much swiped off of halfdan's piwik analytics project (https://github.com/halfdan/piwik_analytics/). The version included in this plugin is not suitable for application tracking, and is instead geared towards tracking multiple websites stored as ActiveRecord models
 * 0.3.0
   UsersManager CRUD implementation, with tests
 * 0.2.3
   Started adding some tests
 * 0.2.0
   Reworked plugin to also look for a rails config file called piwik.yml, and not just the .piwik user prefs file.
 * 0.0.2 2008-07-22 (riopro)
   * Added specs for existing API methods
   * Created RubyForge project at http://rubyforge.org/projects/piwik/
 * 0.0.1 2008-07-21 (riopro)
   * major enhancement:
   * Initial release


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Mihael

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
